SUN MICROSYSTEMS, INC. THROUGH ITS SUN MICROSYSTEMS LABORATORIES
DIVISION ("SUN") WILL LICENSE THIS SOFTWARE AND THE ACCOMPANYING
DOCUMENTATION TO YOU (a "Licensee") ONLY ON YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF ALL 
THE TERMS SET FORTH BELOW.

Sun grants Licensee a non-exclusive, royalty-free right to download,
install, compile, use, copy and distribute the Software, modify or
otherwise create derivative works from the Software (each, a
"Modification") and distribute any Modification in source code and/or
binary code form to its customers with a license agreement containing
these terms and noting that the Software has been modified. The
Software is copyrighted by Sun and other third parties and Licensee
shall retain and reproduce all copyright and other notices presently 
on the Software. As between Sun and Licensee, Sun is the sole owner of
all rights in and to the Software other than the limited rights
granted to Licensee herein; Licensee will own its Modifications,
expressly subject to Sun's continuing ownership of the
Software. Licensee will, at its expense, defend and indemnify Sun and
its licensors from and against any third party claims, including costs
and reasonable attorneys' fees, and be wholly responsible for any
liabilities arising out of or related to Licensee's development, use
or distribution of the Software or Modifications. Any distribution of
the Software and Modifications must comply with all applicable United
States export control laws.

THE SOFTWARE IS BEING PROVIDED TO LICENSEE "AS IS" AND ALL EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED CONDITIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT,
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT WILL SUN BE LIABLE HEREUNDER FOR ANY
DIRECT DAMAGES OR ANY INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND.

=====================================================================
Portions of Jacl and Tcl Blend are
Copyright (c) 1997-1999 The Regents of the University of California.
All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, without written agreement and without
license or royalty fees, to use, copy, modify, and distribute this
software and its documentation for any purpose, provided that the above
copyright notice and the following two paragraphs appear in all copies
of this software.

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY
FOR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE AND ITS DOCUMENTATION, EVEN IF
THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGE.

THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE SOFTWARE
PROVIDED HEREUNDER IS ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, AND THE UNIVERSITY OF
CALIFORNIA HAS NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT, UPDATES,
ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.


